DOC-2200 supporting null val (#308)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/querying/pages/data-modification-statements.adoc

For each attribute value, provide either an expression _expr_ or `_`, which means the default value for that attribute type.
The optional _name_ which follows the first two (id) values is to specify the source vertex type and target vertex type, if the edge type had been defined with wildcard vertex types.

+

> .NULL Value Ingestion

Reviewer: This section does not seem to be in the right place on this page.
You have it as a continuation of the section on " two options for specifying the attributes of the vertex or edge type for the values provided:"  But NULLABLE is about the command in general, not about these two options.

I have more to say on this, which I will write in a separate note.

+
The `INSERT INTO` statement supports inserting `NULL` values for attributes defined as `NULLABLE` in the schema.

> *  `NULL` or `null` can be used in the `VALUES` clause to insert a NULL value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Either `NULL` or `null` can be used in the `VALUES` clause to represent a NULL value.
```
